# GBADISASM

This is a simple disassembler for Game Boy Advance games.

## Usage

`gbadisasm rom_file -c config_file -l link_address -s`
- `rom_file`: the GBA rom to disassemble.
- `-c config_file` (optional, but necessary for good output): a config file that gives hints to the disassembler.
- `-l link_address` (optional): where the rom is linked to -- defaults to 0x8000000.
- `-s` (optional): assume there's no rom header when present.

## Config File

The config file consists of a list of statements, one per line. Lines beginning with `#` are treated as comments. An config file `alttpafs.cfg` for The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past and Four Swords (U) is provided as an example.

### Config File Statement Format

Note: `<>` means optional. `[]` means you need to replace with your own address/name/number.

- `arm_func [function_address] <[function_name]> <f>`: specify an ARM function. The letter `f` means you're sure this is a function (so it will never be changed to a normal label).
- `thumb_func [function_address] <[function_name]> <f>`: specify a THUMB function. The letter `f` means you're sure this is a function (so it will never be changed to a normal label).
- `arm_label [label_address]`: specify an ARM label. It may be changed to a function during analysis.
- `thumb_label [label_address]`: specify a THUMB label. It may be changed to a function during analysis.
- `arm_far_jump [jump_target_address]`: specify an ARM far jump target (i.e. a `BL` target but not a function).
- `thumb_far_jump [jump_target_address]`: specify a THUMB far jump target (i.e. a `BL` target but not a function).
- `jump_table [jump_table_address] [count]`: specify a jump table with `count` targets. This only works with jump tables generated by agbcc variants.
- `pool_label [pool_label_address] [count]`: specify a pool label with `count` of 32-bit words.
- `data_label [data_label_address]`: specify a data label. This results in `.byte` output.

## Output Format
The program prints assembly code to stdout. The output should work with [this header](https://github.com/pret/pokeemerald/blob/master/asm/macros/function.inc), with `.syntax unified` specifed. 
